Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedes
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Chapter 3.
The Successful Politician.
Early Beginnings.
In 2015, Dr. Ben Carson, celebrated for
his groundbreaking work as a
neurosurgeon, ventured into the political
arena with the aim of securing the
Republican nomination for President of
the United States.
He smelled the opportunity in the air, nevertheless.
Not once did he underestimate the
challenges he would face in this highly
competitive race.
One could feel it was going to be
extremely tough, because he would have to
compete against candidates such as Donald
Trump, Jeb Bush, and Ted Cruz.
Controversial Issues.
Dr. Carson had strong and clear opinions
on controversial issues.
On abortion, he was firmly pro -life,
advocating for the protection of unborn children.
He believed that life begins at
conception and opposed abortion, except
in cases where the mother's life was at risk.
On drug policy, Carson supported a tough
stance on illegal drugs, but also
emphasized the importance of addressing
addiction through rehabilitation, rather
than solely through punitive measures.
Campaign Events.
As the campaign progressed, Dr. Carson
was often seen at various events,
delivering speeches and participating in debates.
He used to emphasize his outsider
perspective and medical expertise, hoping
to appeal to voters who valued these traits.
Dr. Carson would often reflect on his
experiences as a neurosurgeon during his campaign.
He saw that the competition was fierce,
setbacks and withdrawal.
In March 2016, following a disappointing
Super Tuesday performance, Carson decided
to suspend his campaign.
His decision was influenced by the
realization that he was unlikely to
secure the nomination, due to his
inability to compete effectively against
his better funded and more politically
connected rivals.
After all, he had been a neurosurgeon all
his life and not a politician like the others.
Never had he faced such a challenging
political environment.
And so he tasted the bitterness of defeat
early in the race.
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
In 2017, Dr. Carson got appointed as the
Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development HUD by President Donald Trump.
There were speculations about how Carson
might get another chance to run for
office again in the future, whether as a
senator or in another significant role.
His political career, characterized by
how he got to transition from a renowned
neurosurgeon to a public servant
, showcased how he got used to his new
role and the challenges it brought
.
This transition showed how Dr. Carson got
to adapt and thrive in a completely
different field, demonstrating his
versatility and commitment to public service.